README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Philipe Almeida, and I'm a Software Engineer focused in Front End and also UI Designer. 

I'm from Brazil, and I'm currently living in beautiful São Paulo.

[![Linkedin: Philipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/almeidaphilipe/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/almeidaphilipe/) 

My [Main Contacts](https://palmeida.netlify.app/) webpage ✌.


## ⚡ Technologies

These are some of the technologies and tools that I work with:

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-black?style=flat-square&logo=javascript)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3)
![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sass-CC6699?style=flat-square&logo=sass&logoColor=white)
![Nodejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-339933?style=flat-square&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap)
![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript)
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Angular-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=angular)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Ionic](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ionic-3880FF?style=flat-square&logo=ionic&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-black?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Microsoft Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Azure-0089D6?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![BitBucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/-BitBucket-darkblue?style=flat-square&logo=bitbucket)
![JIRA](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JIRA-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)

Commit message:

update with my current location

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I am Philipe Almeida and I am a software engineer with a focus on front end development and user interface design. 

I am Brazilian and currently living in the charming city of Porto, Portugal 🇵🇹.

[![Linkedin: Philipe](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/almeidaphilipe/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/almeidaphilipe/) 

My [Main Contacts](https://palmeida.netlify.app/) webpage ✌.


## ⚡ Technologies

These are some of the technologies and tools that I work with:

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-black?style=flat-square&logo=javascript)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=flat-square&logo=css3)
![Sass](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sass-CC6699?style=flat-square&logo=sass&logoColor=white)
![Nodejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nodejs-339933?style=flat-square&logo=Node.js&logoColor=white)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bootstrap-563D7C?style=flat-square&logo=bootstrap)
![Vue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vue.js-4FC08D?style=flat-square&logo=vue.js&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=typescript)
![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Angular-DD0031?style=flat-square&logo=angular)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-blue?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=white)
![Ionic](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ionic-3880FF?style=flat-square&logo=ionic&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-black?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MySQL-4479A1?style=flat-square&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![Microsoft Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20Azure-0089D6?style=flat-square&logo=microsoft-azure&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=flat-square&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-black?style=flat-square&logo=git)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-square&logo=github)
![BitBucket](https://img.shields.io/badge/-BitBucket-darkblue?style=flat-square&logo=bitbucket)
![JIRA](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JIRA-0052CC?style=flat-square&logo=jira)
![VSCode](https://img.shields.io/badge/-VSCode-007ACC?style=flat-square&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
